"You sit down opposite me, and put poor
Catherine's baby away--I don't like to see it!
You mustn't think I care little for Catherine,
because I behaved so foolishly on entering--
I've cried too, bitterly--yes, more than any
one else has reason to cry--we parted unre-
conciled, you remember, and I shan't forgive
myself. But for all that, I was not going to
sympathise with him--the brute beast! O
give me the poker! This is the last thing of
his I have about me," she slipped the gold
ring from her third finger, and threw it on the
floor. "I'll smash it!" she continued striking
with childish spite. "And then I'll burn it!"
and she took and dropped the misused article
among the coals. "There I he shall buy ano-
ther, if he gets me back again. He'd be capa-
ble of coming to seek me, to tease Edgar--I
dare not stay, lest that notion should possess
his wicked head! And besides, Edgar has not
been kind, has he? And I won't come suing
for his assistance; nor will I bring him into
