WUTHERING HEIGHTS. 37

“You sit down opposite me, and put poor
Catherine’s baby aWay—1 don’t like to see it!
You mustn’t think 1 care little for Catherine.
because 1 behaved so foolishly on entering—
I’ve cried too, bitterly—yes, more than any
one else has reason to cry—we parted unre-
conciled, you remember, and I shan’t forgive
myself. But for all that, I was not going to
sympathise with him—the brute beastl 0
give me the poker! This is the last thing of
his I have about me,” she slipped the gold
ring from her third ﬁnger, and threw it on the
ﬂoor. “ I’ll smash it l” she continued striking
with childish spite. “And then I’ll burn it I”
and she took and dropped the misused article
among the coals. “ There I he shall buy ano-
ther, if he gets me back again. He’d be capa-
ble of coming to seek me, to tease Edgar—I
dare not stay, lest that notion should possess
his wicked head! And besides, Edgar has not
been kind, has he? And I won’t come suing

for his assistance; nor will I bring him into

